storage: tweak note re. rootfs sizing (#248)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/storage.adoc

Below, we provide examples of various ways you can customize this.

[NOTE]
====

> *Fedora CoreOS requires the root filesystem to be at least 8 GiB.* For practical purposes, disk images ship with a smaller root filesystem on some platforms, which by default automatically expands to fill all available disk space. If you add additional partitions after the root filesystem, you must make sure to explicitly resize the root partition as shown below so that it is at least 8 GiB.

Reviewer: That's not quite what `for practical purposes` means.  Also, `which` could refer to `platforms` on an initial parse.  How about:

```suggestion
*Fedora CoreOS requires the root filesystem to be at least 8 GiB.* For practical reasons, disk images for some platforms ship with a smaller root filesystem, which by default automatically expands to fill all available disk space. If you add additional partitions after the root filesystem, you must make sure to explicitly resize the root partition as shown below so that it is at least 8 GiB.
```

Author: Thanks, tweaked!

Below, we provide examples of various ways you can customize this.

> NOTE: Fedora CoreOS requires the root filesystem to be at least 5G. If adding additional partitions after the root filesystem, you must make sure to explicitly resize the root partition as shown below. If the root filesystem is less than 5G, a warning is emitted on login. In the future, this will trigger a hard provisioning failure by default. For more details, see https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/586.

Reviewer: Hmm.  This says what the user should do but doesn't really explain why.  I tried adding more words, but perhaps I've just turned this into a wall-o-text instead.  WDYT?

```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
Fedora CoreOS requires the root filesystem to be at least 5 GiB. The default root filesystem is smaller than 5 GiB on some platforms, but is automatically resized to fill all available disk space. If you add additional partitions after the root filesystem, you must make sure to explicitly resize the root partition as shown below.

Currently, if the root filesystem is smaller than 5 GiB, a warning is emitted on login. In the future, if the root filesystem is smaller than 5 GiB, Fedora CoreOS will refuse to boot. For more details, see https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/586[this bug].
====
```

Author: Thanks, I took your text and just massaged it a bit more.

    # device.
    wipe_table: false
    partitions:
    - number: 4

>       # Allocate at least 5G to the rootfs. See NOTE above about this.

Reviewer: This and the f-c-c PR are implicitly committing to a 5 GiB minimum.  Should we socialize that a bit more?  Are we confident it'll be large enough in the long term?

Author: Let's keep discussing this in https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/586.

Author: Updated to use 8 GiB now as per https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/586#issuecomment-785254764.

  - device: /dev/vda
    wipe_table: false
    partitions:

>     - number: 4

Reviewer: I'm a little uneasy about the tradeoff here, that we're using better syntax in exchange for a hardcoded reference to partition 4.  Should we also reference `label: root`?

Author: > I'm a little uneasy about the tradeoff here, that we're using better syntax in exchange for a hardcoded reference to partition 4.

Yeah, it's not great. Would've been nice if `label: root` alone actually identified the specific partition instead of creating a separate one. (Thoughts on tweaking the next spec 3 subversion to do this? I'm guessing it'd be hard because it affects merge semantics.)

I think I do still prefer doing it this way because it's IMO much easier for users to understand what's going on. Otherwise, it all feels very indirect and we have to talk about offsets and are exposed to the fact that the sizes of the first three partitions affects the actual size of the rootfs. Could probably be convinced otherwise though. :)  I can add the `label: root` as a sanity-check.

Reviewer: Offhand I'm not sure why `label` isn't defined that way.  It may be relevant that the UEFI spec apparently doesn't require the label to be unique.  (Of course, we make that assumption elsewhere, so perhaps we could do so in Ignition too.)  In any event, I think it'd require a major spec version bump to change this.
